Hey, that's fine, too. We can just chat. Yeah Dude, that's cool because that means I can get drunker Something we'll probably take notes of this because there's a couple topics we need to talk about do it just When when disclosure comes around when the moment comes are we going live with everyone? Who can we trust how do we transfer the information, you know, what exactly do so here's So my vision of disclosure, I like the library thing sending it to libraries on a certain day What I had sort of envisioned is I want to publish the paper on Archive.com because you absolutely fucking lutely cannot publish this in a peer-reviewed journal because The peer review committee will laugh you out of there, but they'll send it to all of their friends So no oh, yeah, I Say we really Sorry, what I say we do everything we possibly can so we We need to reach out We need to have a group of all of the media Vendors that we can possibly control and ask the multi-pitch in give them all the information all at once and we'll just spam the internet with it We need partnerships well ahead of time Period like you can't be calling these people to be like can I disclose you have those tomorrow You have to be like in talks with these people and so we we need to pick mark and I have been talking about this already We need to pick a the most credible person We can possibly get who will publish it and talk about it on TV. I Was thinking Tucker Carlson I Was thinking Tucker Carlson needs to be the one I'm the big fan of Tucker Carlson. Yes, let's call Rush Limbaugh. No, let's call Tucker Tucker how fuck bill? Mm-hmm loofah You're not loofah. No fuck bill. I'm sorry We'll do it live But that that needs to come out also with all the YouTube channels that are relating to this topic everyone needs to be on board and So we're basically what we need is email addresses and network Phone numbers Networking we have open conversation with all of these people all of these potential channels so that it will be impossible to shut us down So what I want to do Like we've been at the Institute Here in Huntsville, we've been like intentionally under the like below the radar like we've been intentionally like spooky hush hush Don't tell anyone like like we use heedy words on our website, but we don't actually say it directly what we do but like so so I've kept my profile very low like Intentionally and I even went as far as I removed the contact form from my website because I was getting so much fucking me It was just insane. I had to take the contact form off my website, but like I Need like three months running up to disclosure to Establish myself as a personality that people have seen before before disclosure, they need to have seen me there needs to be like in the way back machine on The internet you can go and find references to me online in the three months leading up to disclosure because We need to publish it on archive We need to have Tucker Carlson Tucker Carlson on a Friday night or maybe a Thursday night Thursday night He needs to announce We've got something big. There's a documentary on Netflix That is posted an hour from now and there's a paper on archive calm That's dropping an hour from now Amy Need to go online at the same time We need a contact Steven Greer first because he needs to make the documentary. That's what takes the longest Here's the thing about the documentary and why it's so crucial really we need Okay, I like that. Um, let me send you actually My dad is on research gate from Years ago, let me I think I can chat and zoom and I can send you a link to his research gate profile because we could Post it on his profile With him as the author and then we could have that Tucker Carlson, you know Send in that link So let me see if I can find him here And also this this research gate profile will give you an idea of like the background that this is coming from, right? Um, so like Disclosure is going to come out of Huntsville, Alabama out of redstone arsenal Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Alabama is the biggest fucking deal that you've never heard of It's the biggest fucking deal that you have never heard of and so we need a documentary to drop at the same time That establishes the credibility because the fact is that we have deep and wide Extensive credibility that no one knows about because you're not supposed to know about it because it's in Alabama It's obscure. You're not supposed to know about it That's the point So we need to establish credibility at the same time that we drop the paper I don't know what Huntsville is Amy showed you know what Huntsville is? Is that what you're saying? I don't think so Amy showed me not one but two Saturn V rockets there One was standing up and one was horizontal people don't know what Huntsville is Huntsville is the biggest fucking deal on the planet that you have never heard of No, it is Now like Huntsville is the Silicon Valley of government national security technology And intelligence community technology and aerospace technology Huntsville is like the hub Like we are number three on the first strike launch list If first strike happens Three targets Huntsville will be one of them alla fucking bad map alla fucking Bama This is Alabama dude in the deep self. We're in the top three first strike Because you haven't heard of us We're in the top three first strike Because you haven't heard of us. That's why Is on purpose So we need to get that out there Incredibly Before we disclose otherwise it's like Alabama Podunk Redneck motherfuckers. They don't know anti-gravity You know what I mean? Yeah I started the institute for one reason One reason the institute I started it as a public facing persona To disclose anti-gravity technology through Because I told mark this If you stick your neck out in public at least someone notices if your head gets chopped off If you stick your neck out in private fuck you, they will bury you They will burn down your house while you're sleeping in your bed and it won't even make the news That's why the institute exists So it's a platform of credibility and public facing persona So like, sorry, I'm not satisfying So I need to establish that like at least three months ahead of time Which is basically now to be real three months ahead of time is basically today I need a documentary fucking ASAP And the reason I need the documentary fucked up is simple and it's fucked up at the same time We need to tell the story Sorry what so the thing is so Do you believe in the secret space program? Do you subscribe to the ssp being real? Oh shit um, hold on the Let me check my fucking intel notebook to find the correct organization name. I don't know Navy I'm talking about them Specifically, I'm talking about the military industrial complex ssp aka AKA Lockheed Boeing Northrop Yes I'm googling sti rayan right now because I want to see what year that was I mean, I know in general what it was, but I want to see the specific year that that was Um strategic strategic defense initiative organization within the us department of defense I'm looking at the wiki here for a strategic defense initiative um Is that mda is this mda. It's got to be Missiles defense agency is the army am our deck mission missiles defense agency. Are they in this? Hold on. I'm looking at the wiki The us army had considered the issue of ballistic missiles defense as our as early as late world war two Okay, so you know that honesville is like so we have Thad and seeram and um Like honesville is the hub of if a nuclear weapon is coming to the us from russia How are we gonna see it? Most importantly, how are we gonna shoot it down? That is all That is all both the research and development and the operational day-to-day Rankin vial we're looking at the radar shit is all run from honesville They would have to they would have to they have them here. They would have to have him there and on the west coast Okay Wait, what city is this again? Okay So i'm looking at this wiki And it's talking about lead up to SDI It says ragan secretary of state suggested that a 1967 lecture by physicist edward teller the so-called father of the hydrogen bomb Was an important precursor to SDI I have the shit here man. So I have a guy on my team I have a guy on my team that I employ And he's like he came to me just He just I didn't go looking for him. He came to me. He came to me And he was basically the best friend of edward teller um, and he was like Like this guy like basically helped invent the hydrogen bomb, but he's not on the wikipedia article He's a neutron bomb nuclear weapons expert from honesville, Alabama Whatever I employ him because he came to me And this guy This guy is so fucking good at playing stupid. You wouldn't believe it He's like yeah ed teller was my best friend and he came to Visit me and honesville several times before he died and I invented the neutron bomb And i'm like, okay, you're an sir you are an sri plant But when I look at this wiki about sti I see bill fucking dent all over this bill fucking dent He's on my team. I employ him He loves me. We're buddies He acts like he would follow me off a cliff Except I think he's a cia sri plant on my team Because he was ed teller's best friend and I asked him unlike bill. What do you think about ufos? And he's like, I don't think about ufos. I don't have any opinions about ufos and i'm like really Because your best friend is edward teller and ed teller gave like Like ed teller was like big into ufos I'm like you can't be ed teller's best friend in reality and not be into ufos. I'm sorry What state was it? Okay Hold on. I just i'm scanning through this wikipedia article and my eye just caught suicide packed I have to read what that was Um, let's talk about the uh the neutron detecting Device for the roads on bombs. Oh god bill's bullshitting me. God dammit. He's a spy Yeah, I mean he still has some use to the uh to the He has the magic matter expert He's a subject matter expert Um, I think I could work with bill and really figure out if he's a spy And also like bill project. I your dad like my idea and that's fine Jeremy Jeremy get this Jeremy get this listen this so the other night Um, Amy took me to the airport and we were chatting right before security And they called my name for the plane. I got through I got the security all the um agents were on break whatever I ended up missing my plane so I ended up staying another night at Amy's house and Her dad ended up taking me to the airport because she had some busy some Crazy meetings and stuff, but the night before right when I got there They started talking about this project to make a new tree a neutron gray And me and Amy were talking about the day before she actually read me in on the project Basically you're using neutrons to detect ordinances under the ground but Basically neutrons are you know, they're the subatomic particles and they hadn't they released gamma rays Um, so there's a couple ways of doing that And the problem is is that when a neutron generator other than nuclear stuff, but a real neutron generator creates Neutrons in 360 orm. So like the neutrons are getting they're going in old they're working directions Like an incandescent light bulb Yes pretty incandescent light bulb exactly So her So her dad was saying the only way to or to uh to get a beam out of it Is to have the spins going one way and the spins going the other way You know at a hundred degrees and you know what I told him dude. That's alza fan I Can Sorry dynamic nuclear orientations exactly what i'm doing right now. I said listen. I I showed him the shape In the air. I didn't even have a whiteboard. I said all you got to do is a circle with two cones in the center And uh and make up the entire length of the accelerator And then you have two separate electromagnetes one one south north or one north south Basically opposite hit it with uh with microwave frequencies from the side to orient all of the um All the hydrogen atoms and boom you got yourself a neutron ray You know what his response was It'd be very fucking heavy practical to the end But that I said I I have this company in um in a Germany that can do 99.95 pure iron Very expensive, but if you do that you can drop the weight dramatically probably by like 75 for the iron of that at least iron mass Yeah The alza fan thing is crazy. I guess jeremy's totally on like he's on the same page with alza phone, right? Um, jeremy's on all different pages. He's like all different pages Okay Um Uh jeremy out to be honest with you what I think you're talking about with quasi crystals and all that stuff is the seventh force That's like much more advanced stuff than what we're going to be capable of doing right now jeremy are you aware that there are eight forces of nature eight I can name them. Would you like me to name them? a fuller And gravity The fifth is arguably Contentiously the higgs force from the higgs boson Which who luck cares? I don't and then number six number six um is anti-gravity the sixth force is anti-gravity. That's what That's what my group has a mathematical mathematical equation to physically describe we have six force on lockdown and then Seventh force is basically energy into matter into energy Which sounds like what a portal man If you can energy matter energy matter You can like download yourself into a new whatever through a portal Yeah Yeah Dyracle, how do you spell that? Let me google that What is that? Oh dyrack Holes h o l e e yes. Okay. I got it. Thank you I'm googling. Go ahead negative energy. I see it on wiki um For alcubare. Yes But for other shit, no Can you describe what squeeze light is so we're on the same page Oh dyrack hole theory is baited baited decay stuff. Okay. I'm looking at the wiki um John wick extended direct hole theory to cover neutrinos And juicing the anti neutr and the anti neutrino As a whole and then neutrino direct sea thought what does that mean Keep talking. I can hear you, but i'm standing up to wander around. I can hear Okay if you Let me Let me go through this in my head if you have a beam splitter aka like The single slit experiment Right the They're going to cancel out the fucking zero man pause I would like to make a prediction about what you're about to say I could be wrong. I'm probably wrong Are you about to tell me that the electron is interdimensional Go ahead. I'm sorry Constellation Got What kind of momentum The hacking Does it go into the vacuum Yeah Okay You made it coherent Are you talking about like absolute zero for like, I don't know not temperature, but maybe delta G or something Like absolute zero for energy Now I see your face I'm gonna go I have a steak and green beans And freaking wedged potatoes in the microwave If I look to the kitchen and get it Oh Oh geez, I forgot about it until just now I put it in the microwave I pressed the button. I walked away. I forgot about it. I smoked a bowl. I'm gonna go get my steak. I'll be right back Continue I'll be right back I can hear you well Just give me a cycle here Okay, Jeremy is that the smartest person you've ever met in your life But she's definitely Okay Jeremy, you you got to understand your place over here You are the entertainment You're gonna be you're gonna be putting together a beautiful piece of content for people to watch That's your job Got to be the interviewer. You got to make it cool. You got to make it exciting All we're after is a piece of media So that means shutting up and letting her talk a little bit more or interjecting here and there That's fine, you know, but you got to think of it from the perspective of What are people watching right now? What are they hearing? You got to make sure your microphone is set You can talk non-stop like it's insane. I got headache I don't know I really don't understand the seven-four so I'm trying to figure out the sixth force right now But I think it has to do with coherent matter or She's pretty sure that um Ken Wheeler Hi, Ken Wheeler. Sorry I'm back. I have a Ken fucking Wheeler Ken Wheeler has according to Amy Ken Wheeler has real anti-gravity and He's a honeypot. He brings the bugs in and swats them. So like don't contact him Ken Wheeler is a honeypot Ken Wheeler is a honeypot Ken Wheeler is a honeypot Yes So the NSA According to my secret space program time traveling katana wielding chess playing Japanese like genetically engineered fucking sources. I don't know if you believe that guy He says that the NSA has a list of five people that have independently discovered And what is colloquially but inaccurately Called anti-gravity they have a list of five people for the NSA and he says Well, he told me some of them and I think I've filled in the blanks for the rest of them So tesla he says this is the first obby whatever tesla No, no fuck him fuck Elon I have a consultant that was his propulsion head. Whatever. I'll tell you about Elon but no tesla was the first um, and then I'm pretty sure the next one was pod let ca like pod let can off. I'm pretty sure I think Eugene has it And then the third one was let me think Is it in the wrong k-list or somewhere else? Oh, you know wrong Jesus hanaboo Ah Okay, I'm trying my steak um The hanaboo saucer So i've got the katana wielding time traveling soldier His name is he's dang cooper dang cooper. You can google him He's on podcasts talking about how he's a time traveling sword wielding chess playing whatever he offered to mentor me in chess So that I could settle international disputes with chess I'm not even joking He's crazy So he's one of my ssp contacts allegedly The other one i've got this guy in mil walkie who's german And he says his uncle Created the hanaboo saucer and his last name is han. So it's feasible His last name is han. He's at the university of mil walkie and he's like yeah, my great uncle was invented the hanaboo saucer And um I think that's real I think that's real But so I think I think tesla had it Eugene had it Ken wheeler of course has it can wheeler has it. I'm sorry. He does um dan cooper who's the source of this info says he also has it independently discovered dang cooper katana wielding time traveling whatever And the fifth one the fifth one supposedly according to this ssp katana wielding dude is my dad to independently discover inti gravity And this dude this katana wielding dude Made a really big deal about he was like he was like okay listen to me It's been independently discovered four other times He said it has been he said it has been suppressed every single fucking time And he said I don't think they're gonna suppress it this time He said I think you're in the clear He he said they obviously know about you because i've had multiple both protective and threatening interactions with various agency affiliations, whatever He was like if if you haven't had a us government agent come to you and say Stop shut the fuck up stop shut the fuck up If that hasn't happened They're gonna let you do it They're gonna let you do it this time He said it's been suppressed every other time this time this time They're waiting for someone to publish They're ready They're waiting They're like there are ssp motherfuckers that are fucking twiddling their thumbs Like is Amy not gonna publish soon Gah We've been influencing this bitch forever doesn't she know we want her to publish Jesus Like there's multiple people doing that right now And on the other side of the fence There's multiple parties looking at each other like Didn't we tell this bitch three years ago that we kill people for this Is she not listening? What is she doing? She's still doing it what we told her we were gonna kill her three years ago So I have these two like I have these two different scenarios floating Constantly in my life where I have people being like do it do it do it You're the one do it And then I have multiple people people being like They're gonna kill you Don't do it. They're gonna kill you I have like multiple of these whispers in my ears. I can't even describe it. It's crazy And then I even have the people that are like This happens too They're like, you know, they kill people for this, right? And then they're like because you're a young woman They're gonna rape you before they kill you too And I have people like I have people digging through my panty drawer breaking into my apartment Digging through my panty drawer so that I notice like I have crazy fucking threats going on right now As stressing me out Stressing me out dude. I'm stressed Jeremy. We saw it. We saw it in real life. We went down to the to a Walmart super center and Amy had in her mind to go get this the nicotine patches She actually mentioned it to me at the apartment and I know they are Jeremy Jeremy Amy plans on coming down for the alzefan experiment Can you have those cameras on hand to give her physically? I don't know if they're checking the mail. They're definitely well So I was living in In an apartment with my ex-boyfriend for six months, right? I moved back home with my parents because of this shit Because people kept breaking into our apartment and they would only do it when we were gone together in the same vehicle Like he I would leave in the same vehicle And then we would come back together The first time we noticed the break-in We came home and there was a micro USB charger plugged into the wall Left there cut in half with a knife With the wire with the wire exposed on and like both halves Like half of it is plugged into the wall and half of it is just sitting on the counter and it's cut in half with a knife What the fuck? What the fuck? The second time the second time we noticed someone had been in the apartment Is really fucking weird Because the night previous It was like in the summer And um, he had opened the bedroom window the master bedroom window to let the breeze in because he was hot And I said, you know what? I'm really cold. Can you please we were going to bed? I was like, I'm really cold. Can you please close the window because I feel the breeze. It's making me cold And he said, yeah, I'll close it And he pretended to close it, but he didn't And the next morning I noticed The windows still open motherfucker lied to me. He said that he closed the window, but he didn't But at that point it was hot. So I left it open and I left He was gone to work. I noticed the window is still open. I go to work. I leave it open I come back like an hour later and the window is closed like somebody Witnessed that interaction that I asked him to close the window and he didn't He lied to me. He said he closed it. He didn't I noticed it was open the next morning. I left without closing it I came back before he came back the window is closed Because somebody was like, I'm going to close this window for this girl She asked him to close it. He lied. He didn't. I'm going to go close it right now It wasn't him He was at work The third time we noticed someone had broken in He plugged in a pair of bluetooth headphones to charge into a micro usb right as we left We go to the bar. It's like a sunday afternoon. We go to the bar and we work for a while together in one car We come back The headphones are unplugged They're exactly where we left them. He plugged them in at 36 battery. We left we come back They're unplugged. They're at 36 battery Which means someone unplugged them almost immediately after we left And so i'm like, that's weird. What are they dicking with the headphones for? I walk into our bedroom I walk into our bedroom And my panty drawer has been dug through and there are pairs thrown on the floor So that I will notice that my panty drawer has been dug through And i'm like, i'm pissed now They're not panties that you worry, right? No, like They dug through the drawer Like every girl has impractical panties that she gets for like bridal showers Birthdays Special at parties you have your You never wear them. They're in the bottom of your panty drawer. You forget about them They dug through my panty drawer and they pulled out the impractable ones They pulled out the impractical ones I never wear and they threw them on the floor. So I would notice And I was like, i'm fucking pissed now No, it's it's fucking real They have to have my panties is fucking real No, but They're not doing it because they're not doing it for that reason they're doing it to fuck with Amy No, it's not going to do it to me too Jeremy, do you see those emails I sent those emails I received about talking about my No, not bad No, oh they're going after my daughter Yeah Yeah I don't know if it's a threat It's there they're just trying to fuck with me But they sent me an email With an invite to edit a document so I open up a document document was called the falcon space I opened it up. It's basically um Kids between the ages of eight to eleven and asheera is eight Can can go on this adventure of a lifetime millions of years in the future with the The Hawkeye united state United space command probably Hawkeye Time machine millions of years in the future. Are they with the robot now? What the fuck is going on here? So I actually contacted them and I was like straight out from the beginning I am open source. I said, you know, I don't know if time machines are possible. It's kind of, you know, I believe it I just wanted to Explain to them that they probably made a mistake here because I am falcon space program Not the space program, which was the email that they used for it. Basically people were with two extreme lengths to fuck with me That happens man. I'm sorry I'm saying Okay Who's Dan? I'll have him run Have you seen one? Yes, what have you seen? Why are you into this? What's your reason? What's your motivation? What have you seen? What do you know? From like childhood Yeah Yeah Yeah Ah, I love that book There is there's plenty of room at the bottom There's plenty of room at the bottom man Been there done that Okay I've got it printed here somewhere from like a decade ago but Really? I was asleep mark was like we should go you need to watch Jeremy live and I'm like I was like, I'm fucking tired. I was like, I'm fucking tired. I'm going to bed. I'm sorry I met him in Huntsville Oh, whatever. I took them to drinks that night Hal and Loon I don't know. You don't you maybe don't know my history um Hal has been to my house like three times like to my personal home Um, I was living in Seattle for like three or four years I was doing the entrepreneur thing I had like an encryption company where I was like doing encrypted like uh and to end encrypted file storage stuff for like privacy security whatever And so I was in Seattle and my dad got posed by this weird ass investor Long story weird ass investor pushed my dad out of NASA And this weird ass investor who lives in Austin, Texas He's a real estate investor in Austin, Austin, Texas Made all his money doing real estate from for GE and Moscow whatever This guy this investor brings Hal to our house three times. I I was present for one of the times I happened to be home From Seattle at the same time that Hal came over and I sat I sat with him in my dining room over there at the dining room table and he was talking about ultra-terrestrials And basically ultra-terrestrials are like he talks about extra extra-terrestrial extra Implies that they're from somewhere else from the Extra implies they're from not here from Ultra ultra-terrestrial They're from the dulling They're not necessarily from the outside. They're from here Oh Oh, so they're they're like um ascended beings or So then they're you I like you No, you're not ascended They look alike you and me They look like me If you don't know, I don't know Am I one? I don't know I was born I was born in Huntsville, Alabama in the west wing of Huntsville Hospital in Madison County, Alabama On a Saturday around midnight. I was born. I don't know my burger So I was told so I was told Which is funny My current gynecologist ob-gyn the man that does my pap spares every year Gave birth to me in Huntsville hospital 32 years ago It's like my current gynecologist did my delivery 32 years ago for my mom It's some small-town shit But um, no, so how talks about ultra-terrestrials and they're from here but Ultra Why are they so much better? Why are they why are they so much better? Is not anymore. Yeah Yeah Ultra they're from here, but why are they so much better? Do you have a guess? Ultra I've never Googled it. I don't know. I sat at my dining room table. The man was talking about ultra-terrestrials. I've never Googled it I don't know keel with a K. I Don't know anything about that I was telling him art Mark tells me about these conspiracy theories and I'm like dude I have never been interested in aliens I was born in Huntsville, Alabama to the technical lead of the prl I'm like the propulsion princess of Huntsville, Alabama, the propulsion capital of the world totally by accident 100% by accident I was born into this ship I have not sought out any information about billion plus blood I've not sought I've sought out zero information about aliens Everything I know is from direct experience Everything I know is about is from direct experience and and people I know being like dude have you heard about the aliens? I have this evidence smoking on I have never Googled aliens ever. I don't know what the current theories are I have no well So the ultra-terrestrials I'll just tell you the ultra-terrestrials I think Have you heard of the p-52s and the p-47s? Do you know what that is? They're us from the future They're from here. They are you they are me. They're from here from the future p-47 Is present plus 47,000 years p-52 is present plus 52,000 years And basically there's a calamity Right. So there's like a apocalypse scenario in the near future It wipes out most of like everything man And there's the ones that go underground and survive Right And then there's the ones that somehow stay on the surface and miraculously don't die and I probably know who it is you keep going Well, I mean, I mean I can probably tell you who he works for this not walking If you give me if you give me more detail, I've never heard of the man If you give me more detail, I can say he reworse for I michael at alien con he seemed like a pretty dear kind of guy. He's very shy and timid And I don't think he's really working for anybody. He's just an historian like he doesn't really care about the current affairs He's an historian of the facts. He's like He works for north earth north earth He works for north earth North earth Dude North earth Lockheed fucking no Boeing Nothing north earth is the north earth Is north earth Keep talking. I'm was Wait months before what was happening Okay Where does he live? any Was he hinting was he hinting at corona in november For what It is What do they say When the shit was popping off when Good You know what I'm looking at my outlook calendar right now to see what I was doing in november I can tell you right now. I had corona in november of last year That's a long story. That's a long story. I had corona in november of last year On December 16th, what was I doing then? Hold on here it is in my outlook plasma thruster discussion Okay, I was negotiating I was negotiating with maxar about selling them a plasma thruster patent on the 17th of december And then let's see what else Deborah The CEO of the space and market center Had her Return at party the 18th. What was the week before? Let me look Not much I had corona from september to january I got corona in september of 2019. I was in vegas at defcon I got corona at defcon in vegas in september mid mid summer. It was fucking crazy. I thought I was gonna die Like I was telling all my business partners like oh my god. I have this norley flu Is the worst ever i've never experienced such a thing Like I would stand up out of bed and be like fuck. I have to lay back down because I couldn't stand I couldn't stand. I was like cruising around the apartment Like you know how toddlers like crews like hanging on to the furniture walking I was doing that I was cruising around the living room. I couldn't stand up straight Like I was walking bent over. I was so short of breath. I was getting palpitations taking the trash out From september to january of last year. I got it at a defcon And like my boyfriend and I that we were living together. My boyfriend and I at the time He had it too. He had the rash over his eye I had the rash on it was like on the inside of my thighs. I had a rash three times I did three packs of prednisone to get rid of the rash And then I got well, it started with the vomiting the vomiting was fucking crazy My boyfriend and I my ex and I we vomited every day if he didn't vomit I vomited if I didn't vomit he vomited from september to january of last year And I finally got the respiratory thing in november And then I ended up in the er December like 30th with like all this mucus in my lungs Like it was the thickest mucus I've ever experienced like I didn't know it was in there Because it was so thick it wasn't moving when I was breathing in and out. So there was no rattle because it was so thick I was just like this thick clear mucus. I thought I was gonna die Um, I had corona from september to january I finally got over it Because I broke up with him I social distanced because we were giving it to each other back and forth back and forth September january Like the three rashes I got was three reinfections He reinfected me three times. I reinfected him I did three packs of prednisone for a rash three different times than I ended up in the er And it didn't go away until I broke up with him because he was a fucking rage machine douchebag Rage machine douchebag. I broke up The minute I moved home. Well Because the break-ins were happening at our apartment together So I broke up with him. I moved him to my parents house to get away from the break-ins And I was better immediately As soon as that social distance from him We stopped passing it back and forth back and forth forever and I finally got over corona And like now I have like post corona complications. They're really fucking suck You're gonna see Listen to me. I said it first In six weeks to two months to three months on CNN Fox news You're going to see that that post corona complications Are going to kill more people than the initial infection More people are going to die from the complications after recovery Then died in the original the original infection. I'm here to tell you Because I barely I barely fucking made it. I barely made it Everyone's had it two or three times already But the post complications There's going to be a whole wave There's going to be a massive wave like three four or five six months after infection I had it in september. I caught it before anyone had it The people that they're studying right now contracted it in february or march I've had it since september I know what the post covid complications are they really suck They really suck really bad I I was at def con in vegas mid september The antibodies don't even help man. Like I've had it so many times I have antibodies at the wazoo. I keep reconstructing it. It sucks Maybe look at that. I got a gyroscope on two edges like that Basically at a 90 degree angle I just have this inspiration right now see what happens when you spin them around Uh-huh. Look at that He's getting me off corona He's like, okay. Yeah, he's got me off corona like so box right now When you think negative And Killing me what? I had beers With a chinese hacker from wuhan at def con I still have his number in my phone. I still have his number in my phone. I should text him and be like yo What's your name? Chinese hacker? Did you kick corona? Did you give me corona? Are you so I should text him and be like, are you still alive dude? Are you still alive question mark? Well, it's been the axis around Distraction Just by just by going on the plane of the spin And shifting it a little bit you can afford do it Do it Uh, let's not talk about any's health. Okay It sucks. Let's move on Yes I'm sorry I ragged all because you said no more His job is to publish no results man Oh I spilled my beer hold on just a second You said martin tamer and I spilled my beer Oh fuck No, I know martin He's paid Sorry Oh days Yeah Okay, so martin tamer has the most advanced the best funded the best equipment the Best money cash money of any anti-gravity research on the planet he's he's um He's funded by the german air force All he ever publishes is no results. That's weird He has the best equipment the best lab He has a fleet of fucking grad students german's german's no less they're good at this He has a fleet of german grad students all he publishes is no results was up with that I can tell you what's up with that I met him in 2018 at ses park at um Like you know jim woodward jim woodward the father of the mock effect whatever mock effect alky bear jim woodward Okay Okay, so jim has this like invite only conference that's in ses park every two years so it's like whatever Actually, I have my badge from it. Hold on Are you aware of this? Hold on. Let me show you my badge. Oh man. No, I don't see my badge, but anyway tony fucking tony robertson glen anthony whatever He invited me to ses park in 2018 and I went with chantel who's um She's chief research officer of geometric energy in calgary alberta I don't know if you know who sam and chantel are canadians, whatever they're my business partners chantel I went to this conference in ses park in 2018 and You got it what sam um What's his last name we got his real uh parrot song Read slash heart song his last name isn't really his last name. Whatever Okay Show him show me his last text Yeah Oh He was contacted by extraterrestrials, whatever So I went to this Make out a video of the uh the arv basically real footage of the arv Taken from the arv flying past saturn and it's all in black and white old style Footage that you got by completing um Queen the queen nine puzzles The second this is a tenet this is a tenet the g are you aware of cicada 3 3 0 1 You know cicada reddit reddit cicada hacker hacker spooky Are you aware? cicada okay Okay for like five years ago. There was this thing called cicada 3 3 0 1 or 3 3 something It was on reddit It was a whole bunch of cryptographic puzzles And you had to like solve the puzzles and the winner like The answer to the puzzles sent you to another Just sent you to another puzzles and other puzzles that you to another puzzle And at the end there were coordinates And whoever went to the coordinates got the fucking thumb drive man That was like five years ago So like i'm in seattle like four years ago And this 21 year old hacker dude that says he's cosmo the god From this hacker group is like elite jewish nazi And no no elite jewish autistic hacking like political activist hacking group Whatever he's like their main social engineer. He's my new one. I meet him in seattle and he tells me about cicada And he actually vets me with cicada. He like sends me the puzzles And I don't even try because i'm like dude If you're trying to vet me based off of my ability to solve cryptographic puzzles You're vetting me based off of the wrong criteria man You should vet me based off of really relationships not math So I like didn't even try But anyways cicada people think is No, I can do shit like My degree. I have a double degree in biology and chemistry Can chemistry is like, you know, I did quantum chemistry and organic chemistry and inorganic and NMR and blah blah blah all the shit And then I did like biotechnology I almost finished a phd and biotechnology and well it was biotechnology Bioscience engineering I was doing recombinant protein engineering For like gene therapy shit Just to be clear. I think biology is probably the hardest Yeah, yeah He sent me the puzzle. He sent me the link to the puzzle And he was like I think you know more about computer science than then you let on Biologists fucking bitch. I think you're a hacker and you're not telling me and I'm like dude. I'm like dude. No I'm a biology chemist Biotechnology is from Huntsville Alabama And I have a history of electrical and mechanical engineering and I worked at mordec I worked for the us army. I was in the weapons sciences directorate, but then I Transferred to biotech He was like, I think you're a computer science hacker and you're just not telling me and so he meant made these cryptographic puzzles He's 21. He's from cosmo the god of ug nazi. I don't know you can google it And I didn't even try to solve the puzzles because I was like dude If you're trying to recruit me to some kind of secret shit Based off of me solving some puzzles You don't get my value You don't get my value and I'm not I'm not going to even try because you could you should read me Yeah I'm actually got to the last stage. Okay. So there's a new cicada So so josh the social engineer for the autistic jewish hacking group. He tells me about cicada five years ago And he's like there's an ai And if I talk about it out of line the ai will know and the ai will punish me bla bla bla ci a cicada Cryptographic puzzle shit and then five years later as in two months ago There's a cicada 2.0 on reddit with new puzzles five You're you're an autistic jewish girl too That's hilarious, isn't it? Yeah It's like the punchline to the joke but um Is there enough that she's jewish? What we figured we figured out that she's jewish through genetic testing So judy is and follows the mother line the maternal line Amy's great grandmother was um given up in orphanage in nazi germany and she has that exact percentage of um DNA that is jewish So we're trying to get her mother to do a genetic test if the mother has a secret Of jewish dna It's then it's clear a hundred percent clear that they the that line of Love to mother and mother and they're all judy I was raised believing I was english scotch irish anglo saksen mutt And then I did 20 Jew 23 and me. I did 23 and me. I am 18 ash canazi jew 18 We have no previous knowledge of jewish ancestry whatsoever But my great grandmother grew up in orphanage And we have nothing we have no history about her whatsoever Anyway So sam solved the puzzle of cicada 2.0 five years later And he got the coordinates And he went and he got the thumb drive And on this thumb drive was like a whole shit ton of videos of like black and white granny Like through a porthole You know, it looks like it was taken 60 years ago video Through a porthole of like the rings of saturday and like the moons of jupiter and shit like that like black and white footage And he posted them on youtube and posted the youtube links on reddit And so it was this whole big thing about cicada 2.0 And I wanted to show them to mark like a week ago cicada Dermit we're living on one of the only planets in the universe That has internal combustion engines working with gps systems ah Yeah Yeah I have to send you my business plan. I put I pontificate about this at length And let me tell you I'm in Huntsville, Alabama. I know i've said that several times We're the rocket city. We're the biggest deal you've never heard of Von Braun was here and we won the space race. We developed the Saturn 5 here We built the Saturn 5 here We won the space race here in Alabama whether you've heard of it or not And I can tell you for a fact So many prototypes So many prototypes Only prototype built like this in the world You turn it on the first time it works exactly like you thought it would the first time Great data you apply for more funding to test it More thoroughly they cancel it They cancel it It goes to nasa divestment. It goes to the auction block People bid on it And literally scrap metal scrap metal scrap metal vendors When the bid and melt it down for scrap metal and sell it We could be Crazy crazy crazy far. We could be on the moons of Jupiter We could be exploring pluto. That isn't even anymore If we had spent money differently I can tell you the names of so many nasa scientists that are depressed and they want to kill themselves Because they have built prototype after prototype after prototype in Huntsville, Alabama First in the world never before seen worked the first time you turned it on exactly like you thought And it was canceled and melted down for scrap metal I wonder if you try and beam generators there I don't know bill is lying to me. I can't tell Bill's a really good liqueur. I can't tell it to me. Amy. I'm telling you it's possible I think we could do it without bill, but his knowledge will probably be useful I know we can do it without bill bill is like on my team just to like test me and fuck me out Look at this. I literally have the power right here that you need for each on generator Right next to me. I said your name So jerry I was homeschooled. I was homeschooled through this group called covenant christian academy I was in public school in Huntsville through the first grade We moved out to the country. I was in poduck podunk fucking redneck middle of nowhere county school through the sixth grade Why do you believe that it was awful? I homeschooled Jim ashburn the inventor of YBCO Was a homeschooled ad from my cover group Sean balena MK ultra mother fucker His parents were both OBGYNs for MK ultra and he was raised on lsd from the age of six Was a cca homeschooled ad bill dent the best friend of edward teller Neutron bomb inventor was a cca homeschooled ad And like when we moved into our farm here In the middle of nowhere, Alabama There was mr. And mrs. dent next door an elderly couple grandma and grandpa 25 years later. We meet bill dent Those were his parents His parents lived next door to us in the middle of fucking nowhere And he's the mentor of the neutron bomb the best friend of ed ed teller and he's assigned to my team randomly I didn't look for him He joined my team randomly. Why did he live next door to me 25 years ago? That's weird Like all of these people homeschooled through the same group that I graduated from Oh, sure No, I can learn a new field in three months Name a field. I don't care what it is Engineering science physics material science math Language biology future arts name a field. I will be in three months Amy edicts What? Genetics I don't know like all you need to know is how to learn That's right The most important skill in the universe edicts is the hardest field and you will spend lifetimes learning genetics Not three months The biology is so fucking hard You need a beer beer me go get a beer Beer you Beer me Jeremy's like I'm stressed out I'm stressed I'm sorry What? So I want to do a reddit AMA I want to be like I want to be like I'm a time traveling world-saving Prophecy fulfilling bitch ask me anything Ask me anything. I don't know Don't even I've been in denial I've been in denial until like I don't know a month ago Denial is really rough I'm googling him. I'm googling him. Hold on. Michael Strath How do you smell Strath? How do you smell Strath? R-A-T-T got it. I'm I'm not aware, but I'm going to find out Private pilot military aerospace historian civilian intelligence operation sounds like him Martha Wait, you're saying you're saying he had covid in December. Okay Michael Strath contacted in the desert speaker Let me click on that I've been to find out in the desert except I haven't been what the band's filled amendment Sorry, the man's filled amendment killed it Go ahead the man's a limit Yeah the man's filled amendment around that time They pass a law saying that the military cannot investigate anti-gravity period Jeremy, this was on my uh, this was on my youtube video, too Yeah I copied it from her, but yeah, that that's that's what cut it off Charles Babbage and the man's filled amendment um It was it was made it was made illegal for the military to investigate Anti-gravity That's weird. Why the thing is Jeremy many labs Around the country here have all of the equipment they need To prove anti-gravity without spending a penny all they have to do is just know Cough Martin Tamar Cough Cough Martin Tamar So So I met Martin. I met Martin in 2018 at the SEC's part theme And it was so fucking funny because Chantel and I Chantel and I like basically like sprung on him mercilessly Like we had his papers printed out and our fucking backpacks And we were like hey Martin I've been reading your papers since I was in high school My dad tried to get me to replicate Eugene's experiment when I was a fucking junior in high school And I've read all your papers for the past 15 years motherfucker Hello, I'm aware of Eugene And so Chantel and I we approached Martin and we were like, hey Eugene pod let can off he uses a bilayer a bilayer bilayer of YBCO And we were like dude Martin We have your patent we have your paper right here in our fucking backpack That we're gonna pull out and show to your face and we're like Martin Right here right here in the protocol. It says you used a mono layer not a bilayer And you reported no results And we were like yo Martin How do you expect to get the same results when you use a mono layer and not a bilayer like Eugene did And then then I like stood on my fucking soapbox and I was like hey Martin Aren't you aware that the most interesting phenomenon in the world happened across gradients having across junctures of delta differences And if you use them mono layer and not a bilayer that your results might be different And therefore you're no results Using a YBCO mono layer or in fact irrelevant to Eugene's results using a YBCO What did Martin say? He said hey if you have some samples send them to mail test them I have some too. I'm not sending them to him. Fuck. No Basically Basically No result on purpose Martin Tamar is funded by the German Air Force to publish no results That conference that Jim Woodward conference invite only exclusive ship It was basically Jim Woodward's grad students presenting for the mock effect And it was then it was like Martin Tamar's grad students presenting against the mock effect And then it was spook fucking city and that was the whole conference basically Nope spook fucking city And like that's where I met jenn horse and and he's like hey here's my room number You should come have a slumber party with me kissy face kissy face You know, he actually told me he was going to that conference after I pestered him about anti-gravity in jersey When did you see him in jersey? I got it on video. I sent it to you Okay The audio is a little bit low but check out that video of me asking him about Anti-gravity Um, it's one of the pictures I sent one of the videos. It's like 12 13 minutes long yet term for volume two Jan's like my buddy He contacts me every three months just to see if i'm still single Basically, that's my relationship with that's my relationship with my relationship with jennie He's like are you still single kissy face kissy face? Like you're the one you should disclose. I believe in you You're the i'm your biggest fan kissy face That's my relationship with jenn I don't know. I can't make this show up. Anyway No Is that the reason one of the old one Is it the one where he talks about like he's like the scientist comes in and he's smoking a pipe And he's like I won't say the guy's name because you're not supposed to smoke a pipe in the lab But he talks about how the pipe smoke like went over the experiment and there's like a vortex in the smoke Is that the one you're talking about? That's shit. I recall shit And in 2000 Let me think in 2004 My dad tried to get me to do the pod clip knob experiment for the science fair And I was like l-o-l-l-l-l-l-l-l I'm gonna do gene therapy and biotech now And then I went on to spend a decade in biotech And now i'm back on the fucking anti-gravity man. They pull me back in No, she goes for what's hard jean have no idea Gene therapy is a lot harder than anti-gravity anti-gravity is less sophisticated than gps That's why I keep on telling you we're the only planet that got internal kabuchid engines running with gps systems Anti-gravity is a gross misnomer It's really super misleading the term anti-gravity is Misleading barking up the wrong fucking tree totally wrong misleading fucking tony Okay So This is my life So So my dad was the technical lead of the advanced propulsion lab at nasa marshall Again, the propulsion capital of the world and I was a little Yeah Yeah, okay So so I was a little autistic girl And I was listening to my dad moaning him plane about nasa being inefficient and about How we could like do anti-gravity if they fucking funded us for my entire life My brain is wired from birth My entire development my brain developed under the conditions Of listening to the technical lead of the advanced propulsion lab of nasa marshall the propulsion capital of the world Kim plane about how no one was funding him and he had great ideas That is how my brain formed man So like I know some shit about this ship So like Where are the others? I know them all Um, it's all canceled Cancelled Prototype is the first in the world Again, I said it it worked the first time you turned it on exactly how you expected it to Cancel canceled crap metal cancels crap metal It's like it's the story of my life in hansville Cancelled canceled canceled turns out. It wasn't canceled Turns out It's a little level deeper so Mark What's this information what specifically? True, but not true. Yes. Yes. Let's know Who's affiliated with I really don't know. I don't seek this to the file. I just I don't know. Richard dolan. Richard dolan. Okay, who else's going basically the story and but he Stephen grayer is more like a producer. He brings him the emotion. He makes a watchable product That's why i think even grayer is the way to go. You have jeremy corbell who created, you know You know that bullshit with uh with bobbles are who really wants to work with baby And I don't think that's the right path because to be honest jeremy corbells You know last thing was complete in utter bullshit. It's just like And plus it Basically what we're doing over there is need a stop No pause Travis trailer Travis Taylor. I have staking my mouth. I'm sorry Travis Taylor is from hansville, bama He is a nasa marshall resident original fucking rocket scientist He runs with my technical advisor tim pickens Tim pickens Is he i don't know Let's keep the discussion on producers No, I'm saying No, no, hold on just a sec Travis taylor Is the legit legit rocket scientist He has a great reputation. He's a smart man He came off dumb No pause Travis taylor in skinwalker ranch was playing the role of the everyman the straight man What's going on question question? That was his role He was given that role. He understood that role And he executed it He's not dumb. He's the legit fucking rocket scientist He's not he was playing a character Travis trailer Whatever. I can't say it In skinwalker ranch on the history channel. He was playing the role of the audience the straight man The audience if if you've seen arrested development Jason Bateman is the straight man I don't know if you've seen it. Jason Bateman is a straight man. He's the one sane person in the whole show Travis taylor represents the audience And he asked the questions that the audience would ask and that is his only reason to be there And he knows it and he does it willingly for a paycheck I know he's from here like rocket city rednecks. Do you know what rocket rocket city rednecks is Sure Sure Yeah Okay, so Did you know Sorry go ahead script Script paycheck script paycheck straight man straight man represents the audience script paycheck I'm sorry Yeah, so he did a show for I think it was the travel channel called rocket city rednecks And it was literally about rocket scientists in Huntsville, Alabama because dude dude The rocket scientists in Huntsville, Alabama Are in fact the most advanced rocket scientists in the world They are in fact also huge fucking rednecks And it's hilarious as fuck It's hilarious as fuck and the tran the travel channel made a show about this I think there were two seasons and Travis trailer was like the VIP like main character of that show but like my I have this other friend Tim Pickens and Tim Tim Tim Pickens was the He was the head of propulsion for Bigelow aerospace Advanced research whatever Bigelow and then before that he was the head of propulsion for virgin galactic Richard Branson Spaceship one whatever But before that he started at NASA Marshall on redstone arsenal in Huntsville, Alabama And before that his father trained under von Braun And his father came to the advanced propulsion research lab At NASA Marshall Huntsville, Alabama where my dad was technical lead And he would fucking test spark gaps in shit for rocket ignition Tim Pickens dad So like I can give you the intergenerational There's paperclip 1.0 that's von Braun and his peers There's paperclip 2.0 Those are the scientists trained by von Braun and his peers aka my dad There's paperclip 3.0 That's the millennials that were trained by the people that were trained by von Braun And that is me MIT is spook city They work with sri What did I see Oh boy If I see someone if someone approaches me from MIT I'm like, what's your srs, what is your srsi connection? How did you know how? If someone approaches me from MIT from MIT I'm like, but how do you know how and why are you talking to me? That's MIT It's crazy No Huntsville's like this weird little time warp of propulsion advancement We don't do anything else The stereotype of Huntsville, Alabama Is like your daddy's a rocket scientist Fuck you, join the club Your daddy's a rocket scientist Fuck you, join the club That's Huntsville It's like you go to networking events You go to networking events No it is It is So if you talk to the people in the know Like I talk to They will tell you that there is an estimated 5,000 5,000 foreign nation-state agents in Huntsville, Alabama Would you not suppose that perhaps there's one domestic nation-state agent per for an agent in Huntsville, Alabama Guess what? The population is only barely under up It's barely over a hundred thousand, man There's barely over a hundred thousand people here And there are 5,000 foreign nation-state agents They're bartenders They're oil mechanics They're medical device salesman They work at a restaurant They work at your doctor's office Their sole purpose is to go to the bar And sit there and listen to you talk while you're drunk That's it Period There are 5,000 foreign nation-state agents here And all they do is go to the bar And listen to you talk while you're drunk That's their job That's their job They will roof you They will threaten you They will follow you They will get information out of you one way or another The either tells you that It says the fascinating world of graph theory The fascinating world of graph theory Name a topic I have it What? Arthur Benjamin, Gary Chortrend, Pingzing I have books Um Hold on What do you mean by nothing? Clarify Space and subspace Y'all chat for a minute Let me look for a book about nothing on my bookcase Y'all chat for a minute Let me see what I got Let me see what I got A book about nothing Hold on No, don't put pressure on me chat without me I'm looking Yeah, I'm a nerd Um Oh Yeah I really like set theory and group theory I desperately wish that I had taken more math in college Okay, yeah Oh, topology, I just found it right there Okay Um I found a book that I think represents nothing Okay Okay I I'm going to preface this with um Nothing in my opinion Is equal to the equal probability distribution Against all outcomes Because if you have all outcomes All possible outcomes are equally probable That's basically nothing, man All possible outcomes are equally probable That's basically nothing This is my book that I chose This is my book that I chose for that Yeah Um I came up with something I had to Um So I came up with something randomness is the same as nothing Is it not? It is Zero percent Zero percent slash 100 equals infinity equals nothing the na dna Oh, I was muted the whole time. I didn't realize that you were talking Yeah, basically We are the we are the finite to gods of infinity That's The way I like to look at it is we're all basically Vectors We're like an arrow that's pointing in a certain direction toward a certain reality And what we think about we we bring about so what you're thinking and what you're concentrating on is what you want to create And recently I've been concentrating on bringing about anti-gravity technology that leads me first to uh jeremy risk Um, because you're you're one of the most public people about this And through your videos, you know, by going public people actually posted in the comments You haven't been reading all your comments Because I found everything that I know about anti-gravity through the comments of your videos Amy Was was a was a link to a video that she gave at how five and I got that through a response to a comment That I made on one of our videos And and also the alzapun experiment would also a comment on one of our videos It'll come Yeah So that's why we make such a great team. You're you're the caller. You're making the noise I'm bullshit meter. And that's how we found Amy I I had to take off the contact form on my website Dude Fighting, it's novel Thrilling, I feel thrilled Yes But we need to get to the other level No Here's my experience with that My hell five talk is the Huntsville, Alabama L5 society It's like the weirdest like Retired nasa Like they have spooky Stories that about like weird shit like UFOs in time travel and weird shit Like retired nasa whatever marshal redstone huntsville So I like that's my favorite party to crash Like I love to crash a hell five party. It's awesome Because that's throw up. It's awesome I show up. I'm the only woman there And I'm less than 40 And the dudes lose their shit They lose their shit, man They lose I'm a woman. I'm under 40 And they have heard stories about my dad They're like Richard eskerage Fuck He's crazy. I've heard stories about him Like I've literally been at networking events And i'm in line just for an event or whatever And I talked to a random nasa person And he knows the name eskerage and he's like oh Richard eskerage. He's a crazy motherfucker He's like he gave me a specter for tomatur this one time And I took it home And I opened the box and a snake crawled out of it That's a real story I heard That's a real story And like I go to these networking events and they're like Richard eskerage You're Richard eskerage his daughter. He's fucking crazy and he's fucking smart But um, so I crushed the hell five parties all the time and um Man my contact form on my website is like like you said it filters for the quality people Oops the problem with that. Oops the problem with that It's mostly it's it is the the majority of it is nation state But no one knows about you Except the people who want to know AKA AKA So Galactic greg is the founder of the hell five. He's been the founder of the hell five for like 25 or 30 years That is awesome beer He's got this awesome beard He's very good Jerry, what are they gonna hire you to do You're doing what you're good at What are you good at that's the real question You do it all for free. Let me comment on that the biggest problem with really smart motherfuckers Is they solve one really big problem They get a pat on the back And they rest on their laurels forever I'm really smart I'm a smart motherfucker. I'm a genius. I solved this famous problem. I published this paper I got a nobel dopamine dopamine dopamine reward complex in my brain dopamine reward reward reward And they rest on their laurels You know what they do with their smartest people? Cancel cancel cancel dopamine block dopamine block They get the ideas from you They get the design They get the prototype that works the first time you turn it on and then they cancel it and they take it level deeper Because the fact is it's a waste of your time If you're a problem solver If you solve impossible problems It's a waste of your time to optimize a problem you've already solved For application. So what they do You solve the impossible problem and then they cancel it cancel it in the white world. They move it a level deeper A level deeper they optimize it for the secret application And they give you a new problem And then they cancel it And then they give you a new problem and then they cancel it and a new problem and they cancel it and they psychologically abuse you Into seeking the dopamine of the satisfaction of reward And they use you as an idea factory That's what they do there to their smartest people Because if they reward you with success rest on your laurels. I'm so fucking smart. I never have to try again But if they cancel cancel cancel you're constantly trying to prove yourself You're constantly trying to solve the next problem Because the last problem you solved it. You didn't get recognition So the next problem you're going to solve it again even faster even harder to get recognition. They cancel it again They give you another problem They give you another problem You still have no satisfaction You keep trying Why are you trying life liberty and the pursuit of dopamine No, they psychologically abuse. They psychologically abuse their smartest people. They've done it to us They're squeezing them. That's what they're doing. They squeeze them True. Here's a problem. Solve it cancel. Here's another problem. Solve it cancel prove yourself prove yourself prove yourself Amy that's what your body's doing to you You're always keeping me Gosh, they have all these geniuses That are constantly trying to be like damn I've worked at NASA for 40 years and nothing I've ever done in my entire career has been deployed Cancel cancel cancel I need to try harder on the next one harder on the next one or my career the failure and I've wasted my entire career of being a genius guess what All of those ideas got applied and optimized For the secret space program motherfucker You never saw the success. You never got the satisfaction You never got the pat on the back. You never got the dopamine And it means that you work harder harder harder on the next problem To prove yourself so your career isn't a waste effort 30 40 years That's what they do in Huntsville, Alabama. They psychologically abuse you into solving problems forever forever forever Idea factory Straight up. I don't know they abuse you they really do They withhold the satisfaction because it makes you solve the next problem better If you hold the satisfaction And what I learned My first job was at 15 at the weapons sciences directorate for amardec. I did not apply for that job I did not apply for that job I did a science career project in p aso electrics And I got a call from the army and they offered me a job At 15. I couldn't even drive My brother had to drive me into the arsenal because they offered the job to both of us Me my older brother who could drive And we we carpooled every day for the summer 15 Yeah, dude They're like they're like hey Hey, I heard you did get the electrics for the science fair Here's a job at the weapons weapons sciences director at building 1408 on resident arsenal And like I left defense I was born for defense. I was raised for defense. I'm like 10 years old and my dad is at the white board like This is how physics works little girl And I'm like my brain is expanding is too hard but my brain is expanding since I was young I was born for this And I got a job at the amardec weapons sciences directorate and then I did that for two years And I was like lol lol. I'm gonna go do gene therapy now in biotech And when I left they were like hey If you ever want to come back to amardec and explode things let us know and we'll pay your tuition for engineering And I was like lol lol. I'm gonna go do biotech now And for the next 10 years I got so many offers for engineering jobs. It was crazy Defense jobs they tried to pull me back in so hard. It was just insane And I was like no, I'm gonna do gene therapy though bro And then I did that for 10 years and then they sabotaged it They sabotaged it I was six months away from a PhD in biotech Totally sabotaged it down the toilet Completely ruined Or it like it was you know, it was through like a fake vehicle of sabotage, right? It was like a sexual harassment thing It was like a really horrible court case like really horrible thing But you know what? If that hadn't happened If I hadn't have been if I hadn't have been sexually harassed in grad school I wouldn't be doing anti-gravity right now That's right I wouldn't be doing anti-gravity right now They already did that Um If I If I had not been horribly harassed in grad school I would be the CEO or the CTO of a gene therapy company right now And I would not have time I would not have time to fund my dad's anti-gravity research But but because I was harassed in grad school And I have PTSD now because it was horrible because of that I'm funding anti-gravity right now Because of that I tried to pull me back in so many times it was crazy It's the biggest seal you've never heard of It doesn't exist except everyone and henceville knows it Everyone No, who's that? Well, let me google Who's that? Ah, that was my first science fair project My first science fair project was measuring the specific heat with a bomb calorimeter that I built I'm sorry. Go ahead Okay He received he received the edward teller medal in 1995. I'm looking at his wiki right now The IEEE nuclear and plasma science award and fusion technology in 2003 Like I could go in my childhood bedroom right across the hallway over here And I have so many fucking IEEE certificates. It's just crazy from the science fair Carnegie Mellon Okay Yeah That's cool Okay That's neat Guys, go All right Little homework stuff Um, I just spoke to brian consolia of all tests to try the alzapun experiment Okay, maybe 28 Would that work for you guys to um to do the experiment actually also the night of shavuok, which is a pentecost when the jews got the Batora from Mount Sinai So I think it'll be a perfect night to have Try the alzapun experiment high power here in jersey I'm looking at my calendar. Hold on. That's the thursday the 28th What is this? I have something on the 27th. Let me Okay I have a cyber I have a cyber huntsville luncheon about chinese espionage On the 27th, but you know what it's room. It's remote. It's okay. I can travel Yeah Yeah Turn off your bluetooth Turn off your bluetooth Do you have a mac or a windows machine? Here's the thing about open source Here's the thing about open source They're not necessarily looking for your data Your data is whatever is compromised already. They're on all of your devices. They have your data They have the technology already. They know The surveillance is 100% about personal private personal intel And intimidation They already know what you know. They have your data Surveillance is to collect personal intel as in your personal your personal communications Your personal calendar your personal email your personal photos et cetera, et cetera, et cetera And the only reason to collect that is to use it against you It's not about the data. They have the data It's not in front of you. You have no privacy. You have to you have to assume If russia or china or the secret space program or whatever the nation state If they want it, they're going to get it picks Picture it didn't happen It doesn't work It's hopeless like Like I have crazy ass malware on my ship That they like I have multiple bluetooth attacks like physical proximal within 100 feet of me physically bluetooth attacks That I have logs and live packet captures for all over town No, it's not cool. It's It's disturbing. I have bluetooth attacks that happened within 100 feet of me at my co-working space at my office And at local bars And at the local university With It was the guy from Atlanta, right That was sri guy There's like so many people that have gone through that co-working space Like my co-working space is like the internet was set up by this nsa black hat hacker dude That I hate his name is greg He's a douchebag But like their whole network was set up this nsa black hat insider greg. I hate him What You know greg for the nsa hack miami Miami mom man mob m-o-b mob man greg greg He's a doucheman Let me write it down. Okay It's it might be the same group because They've been harassing What's his last name greg? I hate greg He's got this weird fucking mustache and he flew a drone and laughed at me that one time What is his name? Hold on So there's like this whole crew from miami And they have he's famous for like he invented the first rat Remote access trojan and like rat six rat seven or something greg What's his last name? I hate greg. Oh, hold on. I'm looking up some shit Do I have greg in my phone? I guess I do. Hold on. He's an nsa black hat motherfucker from miami Greg hold on greg mob man. He's He's in my phone is greg mob man, which is his Handle. I don't have his last name in my phone. I have his handle in my phone Jeremy have you ever met somebody who's this deep down the rabbit hole before from florida Tampa is not his last name. He's just from florida it's this is the hack miami crew like lizard squad lizard squad hannis greg hannis greg tampa at higher me dot com greg tampa Oh my god sub seven sub seven server is a trojan horse program sub seven was originally written by a programmer with the handle mob man node sub seven wikipedia greg tampa Are you serious greg hannis You said tampa a bit new He's the douchebag. No, I know him. He's a douchebag And he works for the answer who is the real mob man Um, let's see. There's an article here about who is the real mob man who invented sub seven. That's correct. He's a creep um Dude actually look at He's from hack miami. Do you know alex hide or seth wale? seth wale w h a l e He's famous for having a marker chip implanted in his hand Because he can shake your hand and hack your phone that's in your pocket. Do you know seth wale? W h a l e Are you serious? He's ex and Is he pudgy and blonde? I'm sorry Yes, he sucks He sucks Go ahead Yeah, yeah Yes, he sucks I'm about to send you a link for seth wale to see if it's the same guy Oh seth wale did my cyber for a while and he did a really fucking bad job Because he was actually an inside spook seth wale and greg hannis aka greg tampa were roommates here in hunsville when I met them And they were both from hack miami from from florida and they were roommates and they hated each other When I first met them Here in hunsville Hold on. I'm looking hold on Maybe I got the agent in the wrong spot seth wale. He's a paper clipper So Oh my god here. Here's this picture. Okay. I'm gonna send this to you Hold on Gah If if this is the same person, I'm gonna my brain is gonna explode because He's been a real jerk to me, dude I could tell you stories about this dude and he's a real jerk to me. Hold on Let me send you Um type message here. Hold on paste Shit, no, that's my dad's research gate. Why did it not update that's picture Um Copy image here we go Pudgy dude blonde blue-eyed because he's the paper clipper motherfucker hunsville, whatever click on Those are nsa motherfuckers And they fuck with you and they're real jerks Click on that Are you serious? Would you recognize greg if you saw him Let me find a picture of greg mom and greg hannus Here he is Fuck here. He is greg. He's looking real creepy in this picture. So it's accurate. So i'm gonna send you this one Oh, god. I hate these people hacked miami. I went to hack miami two years ago And the whole fucking crew Has been harassing me for fucking minute, man Um, let's see Uh, how do I copy this? Yeah, so my co-working space the the network the wi-fi network was set up by greg And he's the known nsa guy And so is dude I have hackers on my ass all the time and I get real annoyed with them And actually I change I have a bunch of passwords That in the clear text It's like insulting the dick length of specific hackers with their names and shit So they They like they like read my clear text passwords and it says like your name here Has a small dick and you're pathetic Because I know who's hacking me and I like I insult them in my passwords Because Because i'm sick of it man. I'm sick of it. I'm tired. I'm real tired Jeremy, you know, it's crazy People that are hacking her have all the information that she has They already know this Yeah, no, they're just fucking with me They're fucking with you for a reason To make you pay attention to them I know that's why I Name That's why I changed my passwords to insulting them That's very cute It's cute Like I have the I have the code name of the hacker group like their public name is lizard squad And then they have this code name that's just their private signal group And I have my passwords are like the code name is pathetic Because I know they're fucking codename man I'm sick of it There's a rolling stones article about the hack Miami group and about how they're black hat and essay motherfuckers Let me see if I can find it Alex hide is like their second in command And they're for they're like their top tier guy is this like weird rapper guy Um, let's see hack Miami Uh, nsa rolling stone. Let's see if I can find this Hacker is courted by government for cyber security jobs. Yes. This is the correct article Yeah, these guys ran my cyber for a while and they did a real bad job because that was the point The point was to do a real bad job And they troll me all the time. I troll them back though. I'm so sorry there is like A really super Disturbing and like I would probably have a panic attack if I saw it But there's like a really super disturbing Lee huge Shockingly huge pile of intel on me personally The people are using against me It's like like they know more about me than maybe I do. It's really bad Is really bad They like know my nicknames and they know like They're significant to me existentially And they know my friends. They're lurking in the accounts of like all my friends Because the complete me from my friends accounts all the time of malware They're just lurking there and like Is bad You should thoroughly understand the situation before you step into it because I I like dove headfirst into the rabbit hole and I will admit I did it on purpose. I did I did I totally did. I I dove into the rabbit hole headfirst 100% on purpose Did I understand what I was doing? Absolutely not Jeremy Jeremy I think it's been destined that Amy S. Gridge be the one who Pulls the final strain on anti-gravity Even if I were in my lab Even if I discovered in my lab I think she's the one who needs to do it just because of her birthright because of her situation And because that's what a lot of people already believe That's why I went on your show a couple weeks ago and said, I know who it is There is a fucking anti-gravity society. I know her name You didn't believe me also You should be What are you now? so like Use an example so like my girlfriends that I've known since I was like eight years old Like they're 32 now like I am right And so I'm calling them. I'm talking to them and I'm like, yo, we discovered anti-gravity and it's a real hassle Like we discovered anti-gravity. It's like the worst thing that ever happened to us in our entire lives It's like a fucking curse is horrible Like we discovered anti-gravity and our lives went to shit And people started sabotaging us and it's a harassment harassment threat threat. It's all And I'm talking to my girlfriends that have known me my entire life And they're like, hey I've known you forever I grew up like visiting your house and slumber partying at your house and like listening to your dad rant whatever, whatever, etc And they're like, hey If anti-gravity were to be discovered It would be in Huntsville And if someone in Huntsville discovered anti-gravity It would be your fucking family It would be your fucking family. It would be the esperages And my girlfriends that grew up with me are like I I believe you I have no doubts. They're like whatever I grew up in your house and yes, I believe it I don't even have to see it because I know you They're like, yes, it makes perfect sense Perfect sense Natural evolution natural evolution fact reality. Yes, they're like, I don't have to see it. I believe you So like that's where I'm coming from here It's obvious to everyone around me and my family's in my family's in like total denial My family's in total denial and We're like So I hired this new cyber security company and it's run by the seat the former CIO of Northrop Grumman I was referred to him for a reason And he's like, hey I've been spending 35 years in counter espionage specifically for the Navy specifically for advanced propulsion And I was the chief information officer for Northrop Grumman And I was like, okay, I'm going to tell you a series of really crazy ass stories And can you please reserve judgment until the end? And I told him a bunch of stories about like electronic and physical surveillance and stalking and like weird ass Death and sexual threats and shit and I got to the end and I was like, okay, I'm ready. Tell me I'm crazy I'm here. I'm ready. I'm insane. Tell me I'm saying I'm I'm ready for it. Tell me And this guy was like I wish I could tell you that you were insane But you're totally not I'm so He was like, I'm so fucking sorry. He was like trying to let me down gently He was trying to let me down gently and he was like the stories you've told me I've heard from other young women in technology positions And he was like they do it on purpose. They do like crazy ass shit to you That is unbelievable just so that you feel like you can't tell anyone And they pose as like agents Is that I tell everyone Protect yourself. I tell people but I wait until I have five or six smoking guns before I open my mouth but like This guy was like, I'm so fucking sorry. He was like letting me down gently. He was like I've heard these stories before from other young women. He was like, there's the dvd blue ray dvd blue ray Epic war where it was like uncertain for a while whether dvd or blue ray was going to predominate And it was between like us and china and he was like there was this female like technology executive in the us That was affiliated with that and he was like she couldn't go to the grocery store with her with her children without receiving like people following her in a car And like threatening her in the parking lot and he was like i've heard all of he's like i've heard half of your stories And the half of them that I haven't heard I totally believe He was like they do crazy as shit to you just so that you feel like you can't talk about it It's really bad because like I I love to work at bars bar myself like my most productive zone Is to go to a bar bar by myself and sit there with my laptop and drink beer with my headphones in and get a shit ton done I can't do that anymore I mean, I mean, I got a fucking bar I got a car a bar across the street from my lab right here I stopped I stopped that habit stop because I can't go to a bar by myself In the past 12 months ever without weird ass shit happening Weird ass look that's why I crossed for my office. I can't go there don't even show it to me. I can't go there You can go there. I know the bartender That's the safest option like I've been roofied multiple times like my extended team has been roofied multiple times like it's a fucking roofy party Over here. It's a roofy party I have known about the guy who offered you one or two I can't yeah, so I don't go to bars by myself anymore even though it's my most productive zone Because in the past 12 months if I sit down at a bar by myself Some dude will come like some 50-year-old dude will come and sit next to me And turn to me and say do you want one roofie in your drink or two Like okay And then he'll like drop buzzwords that are relevant to my life And I'll be like I'm getting the fuck out of here And then sometimes I just end up like Twice now three three times. It's like I'm really fucking drunk. I shouldn't be this drunk. I didn't drink enough to be this drunk. What's happening? What's happening? Why am I so messed up? And then all of a sudden the people around me are like what do you do for a living? Tell us do you work for the government? What do you do? You're sitting there at your laptop. It looks cool. Tell us what you're doing And I'm like hey you didn't ask me that until I suddenly was disoriented Until I came back from the bathroom finished my beer and was disoriented and super fucking more drunk than I should have been Like it's crazy It is it's like Yes They do that No, you just haven't noticed it. Well Yeah, maybe Maybe you haven't had it happen then because surveillance is 50% about collecting the intel The other 50% is just straight up about intimidating you and making you be scared Yeah, I just sent you over Basically a whole conversation I had with these space falcon camp flyers They're doing the falcon space program And they're looking for kids between ages eight and 11 to send into the future on the USC Hawkeye SSP 20 and back, you know about 20 and back. Oh, no, this is million years of a picture. They're gonna disappear Do you know about Need to take a shear on a 20 and back My daughter I don't know. It's like a million in back or something like that. You're sure no it's 20 No, no, no, this one is like millions of years in the future millions of years. They're like whoa You know what? Yeah, 20 isn't the number of the years of the future 20 is how many years you spend in service Before they work in the years. There's a lot of people who are here about it And a lot of people who are going to be in trouble So like I have multiple 20 and backers that have reached out to me over Random the internet whatever And they all tell the same story It's really weird. They all tell the same story. They all fucking thank me for my service They thank me for my service, dude They thank me for my service for one specific thing and it's always the same They thank me for creating the 3d holographic med pod They're like hey We're really really glad that you invented the 3d holographic med pod And i'm like Because jeremy is working on something very similar Um, I mean it's much more crude and we actually had a phone conversation with Uh jeremy and he showed her one of the first prototypes I believe of her med pod I already know how i'm going to build the med pod and I knew how i was going to build the med pod Before they thanked me for my service And then they thanked me for my service and I was like fuck you Fuck you Stop fucking with me. This is crazy But like why did they tell the same story and there's like three or four or five of them and they're all like med pod Like why are there five of you saying med pod i'm confused I'm confused Who is that that talks to you about that? Oh, yeah, I know him Yeah, he's in um He's always messaging me Let me click on this i'm gonna I want to see his face He works in the Bronx. He's close by he's close by me Oh, I don't know him. I don't know him. Yeah He's very very interested He's harmless Harmless now I stopped talking to my 20 and backers. I got creeped out I'll admit it. I got creeped out Uh jeremy jeremy, uh, Amy thinks she had boyfriends That were her handlers No for fucking sure It's sort of rapey After the fact when you figure it out After the fact in retrospect you're like, hmm. That was right Yeah, like the free masons have been sending me boyfriends. It's Kind of not Like I had this 33 degree white knight of multi english and scotch right Brights like super double mason That pursued me and dated me for six months And he was just he's on mars now. He doesn't exist anymore Like he broke up with me and then he was erased from the internet forever He like doesn't exist anymore But he's a third What he's on a mining colony. I'm harsh. It's like protracted Last time I saw him He was scared It was after we broke up. He was scared And he was like I'm into some shit that I can't get out of It was really bad and now he's erased from the internet and doesn't exist anymore Like his face is gone. His linkedin hasn't been updated in two years Um, he like I have a background checking service where I can find phone numbers and addresses for anyone And he has no phone numbers or addresses for the past two years Because he disappeared and went to mars Or he's dead He got erased handlers Handler romantic partners six months exactly They ghost you at six months exactly It never lasts longer than six months because they like get attached to you And they make mistakes You said a six month protocol six months protocol because after that Like they're telling you They're telling you I love you and shit like that and they're lying, but after six months They're not lying anymore and they're attached and then they rotate them out And the person they rotate in Has existed in your life for at least six months to 12 months because they line them up Like fucking well ahead of time Like there's always one like six months break up and then there's one that's been in the queue for over 12 months And then six months break up and then there's one that's been in the queue It's really hard Like people walk up to me in public and i'm like fuck you go away Fuck you I know who you are It makes it really hard But You can tell a handler from when they shut the fuck up Because you talked to them About your crazy ass life Your life is crazy. I mean you have a handler. Your life is crazy. You're into some shit And you talk to them because they're your significant other you talk to them about shit And they talk back because they're faking and you can tell they're a handler By when they shut the fuck up About shit they can't talk about That's how you can tell When they become silent and they just nod their head like I can't say anything What's a handler? No, that's a handler Also handlers will they'll offer you money that never happens Is a characteristic Is a carrot on a stick to engage you in conversation about your technology by offering you money That they had no intent on ever giving you Yeah Dan Cooper the katana wielding time traveling chess playing super soldier I had I've talked like I was friends with him for a while, but he was just whatever plant But he would be like Amy just date the handler. It's okay. You have to date someone He's like they're usually good in bed. Just date them And I'm like Dan You must not know about like guilty. I'm raping you erectile dysfunction. They're not good in bed They're not good in bed. They're guilty and their dicks don't work because they know they're raping you He's like just date the handler. It's okay. And I'm like you can date the handler I would like to date someone that's real I've been there done that. It's really fucked up Yeah Jeremy we're basically dating right now and uh yelky Yeah What He didn't say anything He didn't say anything She fucking filed her a straining letter and I filed for divorce. It's over I was like I was like I need A partner that's down the rabbit hole because anyone else is gonna think I'm just insane I need someone that's like an insider down the rabbit hole in back like fucked down the rabbit hole in back insider Because anyone else is like You should go to the insane asylum I've been for the insane asylum too. I That's like a that's a special entryway at the bottom of the uh of the rabbit hole Oh, dude. It's so bad. It's a sharpness at the bottom You try to date a normie try dating a normie It doesn't work. It doesn't work Oh man, it's so hard They just look at you sideways like I know you're schizophrenic And you're like this is my life. This is my life. This is real and they're like I guess she tolerates it obviously Yeah, I gave up on the normies because they're like My mother thinks you're crazy and it's like your mother doesn't know about the secret space program fuck It's so bad Have you ever talked to a group that claims to be the antica ball? Okay, the manna world holdings trust Is they claim to be the antica ball, but really they're just a freaking russian criminal gang and they they they collect intel basically on scientists and they like email you and they're like, hey, where the antica ball and we're um We're in a like outside nation state banking jurisdiction and we have all the gold from the crusades And we would like to fund you for a hundred million dollars And then you talk to them And they just want your white paper They want your white paper And they're like we're the antica ball. There's going to be a dark financial flip We're like the whole background flips, but like the public people are still the same for government Where the antica ball it's manna world holdings trust But like it's really just a russian criminal gang that's like slowing you out and what happens is like The russian gangs that like scope you out for intel If they decide that you're worth looking into they refer you to the operational groups And then the operational groups are the ones that fucking like move into the apartment across the parking lot from you And stalk you physically in your own town Like when you get Gather and group to the operational group is really bad You get this Amy tell them the story of uh when they swapped out the license plate the license plate story I found out that I was being physically surveilled By the following method We My ex and I realized my ex boyfriend and I realized that people had been breaking into our apartment While we were gone together in the same vehicle And so like i'm in the apartment. I'm about to go to work and i'm like, why don't you take out the trash And scope out the parking lot And make sure it's okay before I go to work So he goes out there and he's like There's this weird fucking lexus. It's like a silver lexus This is a shitty apartment like why is there really fight really nice lexas in the parking lot And it has tinted windows that are not street legal Like just totally dark totally black tinted windows that are not possibly street legal And so we're he comes back in and we're standing in our bedroom window looking at the lexus and talking about it And I say out loud Maybe we should walk over there later And take a picture of the license plate Because the lexus is across the parking lot from us, but it's backed in so you can't see the license plate Within two minutes Of me saying hey, we should walk over there later and take a picture of the license plate We were still Stining there at the window looking at it talking about it And at eastern european looking motherfucker with a black beanie dressed all in black In his 50s or 60s Walked out of the apartment directly across from ours holding a license plate And he opened the trunk of the lexus and he took out some tools And he changed the license plate right in front of our fucking faces And then he walked back to his apartment And he put the old license plate on the front patio and went inside Left it outside And it was literally like come get the license plate. I had more I had more where this came from come get the license plate And then after that the lexus started tailing me and every time I saw the lexus it had a different license plate It would be like alabama plates a different state plate. It would be random dealer plates None of which were local Just like cardboard temporary dealer plates none of which were any local dealers Every time I saw it it was different plates It would follow me to the gas station to go get beard I would go get beer at the gas station and that lexus follows me And even my ex called an uber once He called an uber The lexus pulled out from the spot across the parking lot from our apartment Drove over to our apartment and said hey, i'm your uber here to pick you up The license matched In the uber app, but they didn't have an uber sticker or a lift sticker You can't drive uber if you don't have an uber sticker He pulled out of He pulled out of his spot across from our apartment where he lived And drove over there to pick him up and said hey, i'm your uber here to pick you up They changed the license plate right in front of our face Like 60 seconds after I said hey, we should go take a picture of that license plate And they leave it on the patio like take it we have more Just take it Like I'm scared I I'm tired I'm real tired I need to disclose soon man I need to pull this soon because it's like escalating it's getting more and more aggressive like over the past This has been going on for like, I don't know four or five years And over the past 12 12 months has been like escalating escalating like more aggressive more invasive Digging through my pannage like digging through my underwear drawer and sexual threats Over the past like three years six months and now i'm like fuck I have to publish Fuck I have to publish Because like it's only going to get worse until I publish there's no way out of this There's no way out of this fucked up situation Will I publish? I'll publish How Is I need to come back there and work as your your dad's lab partner Um, yeah, that's the thing I told him he took me to the airport. It was like an hour drive Uh, we're talking about all the different shit all the way there and the last five minutes we dedicated to anti-gravity I told him listen, I don't keep your secrets. I'll figure it out on my own. It's a unique opportunity for me But if we want to work together I need to sign an NDA and you need to sign a DA And then he looked at me as like what's a DA said a disclosure agreement I'm really going to have to work on him to publish because he's like Like i'm scared because they're like i'm a rape you But he's like scared even though he hasn't received any direct threats I think i've worked on him pretty well. I think I think I can work with him in the lab and work on him pretty well I had a very a very tight connection with him Well, we were talking about that shit with the uh, the neutron beam Yeah The idea formed in my head within seconds. It was like insane And then your dad's only responses. Yeah, the shit will weigh a time. It's gonna be heavy It's gonna be heavy. That was his response. Not that it won't work No, that's Whatever. He's a really smart dude He's the answer Heavy to put on a car which may be true, but there is so many applications for that device It's insane what you can do with something like that Yeah We can't even think of the stuff that you can do with a uh, a neutron beam generator I've come up with so much shit to do with his anti gravity force that he hasn't thought of because i'm like gravity chemistry yo And he's like what's that and i'm like is a paradigm. You just don't know yet gravity chemistry I have a chemistry degree just watch and wait Because he's like very narrowly focused on propulsion He's like propulsion levitation UFO flying And i'm like hey, hey, hey chemical reactions It's big. It's a big deal Imagine like breaking a covalent bond without high temperature and high pressure Cheaply or low energy. You don't have to boil something. You don't have to put it at high pressure High pressure and my temperature is dangerous Low energy low pressure room temperature break a covalent bond. That sounds like john huckerson though He was telekinetic though. He didn't have any science Uh, I'm not that sure about I don't trust help it up for shit. Hell says he's telekinetic. I heard it from his face Yeah, and how You know how's the liar though How is the doctor from stranger things too? Like we'll torture a little alien. Yeah, he gets get all the juice out of their brain And how is it actually extremely evil? Yes No, i've met the man. He's extremely evil. He's very quiet. He listens more than he talks But you can tease things out of him, but it's only what he wants you to tease out of him He's like a nice old grandpa Like you talk to him and he's like quiet and sweet and gentle like a nice old grandpa But he's evil as fuck It's creepy Lewis evil Brandenburg is evil Brandenburg is like super evil Evil I have I know people that worked for Bob Bob Bigelow like Tim Pickens like that's one of my technical advisors and I had a intro offer for Bob Bigelow and I was like I called him I know you worked for Bob. Should I pitch Bob? Should I pitch Bob in Tim's Like no, no, no, no. I was his head of propulsion. I did these other projects for him And he was like Bob will nickel and dime you to fucking death He'll take over your budget. He'll want final approval over everything. He'll want majority equity He'll take over your project and it's not yours anymore. It's his And then I called Jann because I knew that Jann had worked with him I was like hey Jann should I pitch Bob Bigelow? And Jann was like no he'll nickel and dime you to death. He'll take over your project He'll like take control of your budget. No, don't pitch Bob So, yeah We can go I need to go to bed and I spilled my guts enough already Okay, let me pull it up. What was Is it in did you post the link? Yeah post it and I'll pull it up and look at it I can tell you Jeremy Thank you. I'm clicking on it. You said what 1935 85 oh Oh interesting Oh, I I'm going to read this. I'm going to print it and read it. I see here it says um to photon state It the two photon coherent state is this like multiple integers of a photon in a single thing type of thing or is this different? I'm scrolling through it right now. I'm going to print it and read it more thoroughly It broke up. I can't hear you, but I think you were saying we need to sign off Yeah Okay Yeah, so anything that I'll publish We just flush it down the toilet Don't you Yeah You hasn't worked for the CIA. I'm sorry I haven't either but Fuck they send me people all the time Like he's not the only one most of the email lists that you can get on that are like VIP email lists It's a bunch of disinformation And also if you right click and say copy link And if you go to virus total calm and you paste the URL in that search bar most of them are malicious IPs the link the vast majority of them I wouldn't Yeah If you look at Ron Kita's links They're all malware like most of them like you can look at virus total for the link IPs And it's like malicious malicious malicious trojan trojan I just use Use Ron Kita as a as a reference to find other people like Brandenburg or whatever. It's email that I wanted I can just look at a Email the space ranger something at gmail Brandenburg Faith ranger. Yeah, but if you want to find somebody's email that you don't know you just go to Ron Kita's list We could look in the CC list Everybody I like actually I thought that might be a fake email list for a while. I was like, I think this is fake I have like I I verified a bunch of the email addresses because I had I had house personal email address. I had Brandenburg's personal email address I had several and so I checked Those are the correct Yeah, I have Jeremy and Bob too we have Like my mom was emailing back and forth with Bob for like weeks for united nuclear his company like about a vandy rough machine that we were buying and they're like They're like negotiating like shipment and stuff and I'm like you realize you're talking to Bob was our right She's like, I don't know. He just signs his email Bob. I'm like, yeah, those bubbles are But yeah, Jeremy gave me his personal email at aliencon and like email me And so I met him there Jeremy was basically like Call me when you can show me something that I can film And I have something he can film, but I want to finish the next one that's better for him to film And so it's kind of like I'm breaking the rules if I Contact him without saying hey come down here and film because he was like, I'm gonna bring George nap and blah blah blah and we'll film But Lou said the same thing. Lou was like Lou was like, oh, we're filming the Second season of the ttsa show on the history channel and we'll come do episode about Huntsville like I want to bring tom dolong and sieve justice and howl and blah blah blah people to your house and He told me that the us government would give me a shit ton of money to keep me from selling it to china And so I called him and i'm like, can you refer me to an active us army general please to talk about this transaction? And he was like radio silence Like I asked him to refer me to active military and that killed the conversation But yeah They fuck with me. I'm tired of it. I traveled the moment Correct Correct Let's let's get down to business. Okay. What do we do from here? Um, are we contacting steven grier to make a documentary like what's the next step? To actually make this happen But but that's that's an easy that's an easy short-term problem. I think we need to concentrate on the But let's say that the date is going to be sometime in september when we're going to do this We need to get the documentary done document is the longest time So we need to concentrate on that first The data is easy. The problem is not getting buried The problem is not getting buried. You publish they bury it and google no one notices. That's the problem That's it Period. How about we all sleep on this idea and it's pretty late. I'm already in bed. Yeah It was nice to talk to you Jeremy I'm sorry Yeah Yeah I apologize for my bullshit Yeah public service announcement If you go to a bar Never ever ever leave a drink and go to the bathroom and then come back and drink it If you're going to the bathroom finish your drink get a new one when you come back public service announcement That's all I have to say Never leave your drink unintended But yeah, I know I just can't rise if the bar across the street come to the lab and we'll meet at the bar. Okay, I know the tender He's my neighbor. Trust and party. Okay Strengthen numbers Yeah, that's right Okay
